Add CICD for build and test (#5)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows-demo: docs/GettingStarted.md

3. ```cmake -S external\ebpf-verifier -B external\ebpf-verifier\build```
4. ```nuget restore ebpf-for-windows.sln```
5. ```del external\ebpf-verifier\build\obj\project.assets.json```

> 6. Change directroy back to the solution root, e.g. ```cd ..\..\```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Change directory back to the solution root, e.g. ```cd ..\..\```.

```
